# Title: Shub's Smart TV Filter
# Description: Filterlist to Block Ads and Preventing Your Smart TV From Phoning Home
# Version: 3
# Entries: 22
# Last Modified: August 03, 2021
samsungads.com # Samsung
events.samsungads.com # Samsung
config.samsungads.com # Samsung
static.doubleclick.net # Google Ads
samsungotn.net # Samsung
samsungrm.net # Samsung 
lgsmartad.com # LG Ads
ngfts.lge.com # LG
us.ad.lgsmartad.com # LG Ads
us.info.lgsmartad.com # LG Ads
lgad.cjpowercast.com 
ad.lgappstv.com # LG
smartclip.com # Ads
smartclip.net # Ads
smartshare.lgtvsdp.com # LG
us.ibs.lgappstv.com # LG 
cooper.logs.roku.com # Roku
track.sr.roku.com # Roku  
p.ads.roku.com # Roku Ads
bif.sr.roku.com # Roku 
traces.sr.roku.com # Roku
amarillo.sb.roku.com # Roku
